Plugins: Add initial docs (#1208)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Development/Plugins.md

```

### Database

The main BTCPay Server database tables are part of the public schema.
Plugins have their own database context and schema, named after the plugin:

```csharp
public class PluginDbContextFactory : BaseDbContextFactory<PluginDbContext>
{
    public PluginDbContextFactory(IOptions<DatabaseOptions> options) :
        base(options, "BTCPayServer.Plugins.Template") {}
}
```

Plugins can have their own data models and migrations:

```bash
# Add a new migration once you defined a new model or updates
dotnet ef migrations add MoreData -p BTCPayServer.Plugins.Template -c PluginDbContext -o Data/Migrations

# Update the database
dotnet ef database update -p BTCPayServer.Plugins.Template -c PluginDbContext
```

When inspecting the database (with `psql`), only the tables of the public schema are shown by default.
If you want to also see and select the plugin tables, you need to extend the search path:

```sql
# list plugin schemas
SELECT * FROM pg_catalog.pg_namespace WHERE nspname LIKE 'BTCPayServer.%';

# extend search path
SET search_path TO "BTCPayServer.Plugins.Template", public;

# table list now also shows the template plugin tables
\dt
```

### UI Extension Points

> The extension poins offer you ways to add your plugin viewa and partials to the UI.

Reviewer: typo

Author: ```suggestion
The extension points offer you ways to add your plugin views and partials to the UI.
```
